all right I have no idea what this is
but uh let's try it out suppose the
bullet bill have to kill now
spooling up oh oh I died all right I see
it go
go Goomer Goomer Goomer yes Oh put one
two three
knock yeah sir whoa no platform ah they
trying to trick me
sneaky bastard oh that sucks
I'm still a rose one one that's good the
goombas want to finish this
I cannot be under minded by the wall it
makes me look stupid
no-no-no Goomba tricks all sellable
yeah it's kind of kind of crazy creeping
me out
and yes the only reason I'm doing this
can I - stop you know what your people
are messing me up I'm doing this because
of my insomnia I'm awake I should be
asleep yeah you know the drill so how do
you play online games all day your your
sleeping pattern gets disoriented oh and
then you stay up all night playing games
when you're a bullet trying to kill
stuff not even actually killing just
kind of want us knocking them over then
I'm gonna face World War one
you know I'm just going by instinct now
I have I I kind of zoned out for a few
minutes there I'm sorry
that's too good oh wait wait wait
all you sneaky bastard all right I don't
get it this time I give up
ah this game's not too bad something to
kill time with pretty fun both OH so
supposedly after world one for you
supposed to fight a giant Mario I will
give this time 100 I can move forward
and backward all right you know I give
up guys it was fun good games try it out